When an application handles a request containing a structured token, it **may not actually process every component** with he token or all data contained in each component. In cases where a token contains a blob of binary data, much of this data may be padding. Only a  small part of it may actually be relevant to the validation that the server performs on the token. **Narrowing down the sub-parts of a token that are actually required can often considerably reduce the amount of apparent entropy and complexity that the token contains. **

1. ** Obtain a single token from the application, and modify it in systematic ways to determine whether the entire token is validated or whether some for its sub-components are ignored.** Try changing the token's value one byte at a time (or even one bit at a time) and resubmitting the modified token to the application to determine whether it is still accepted. If you find that certain portions of the token are no actually required to be correct, you can exclude these from any further analysis, potentially reducing the amount of work you need to perform. You can use the "char frobber" payload type in Burp Intruder to modify a token's value in one character position at a time, to help with this task.
2. **Log in as several different users at different times, and record the tokens received from the server.** If self-registration is available and you can choose your username, log in with a series of similar usernames containing small variations between them. If other user-specific data is submitted at login stored in user profiles, perform a similar exercise to vary that data systematically, and record the tokens received following login.
